feat: New AI Agent Manager doc (#4124)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/ai/agents-bundle/subscribed-agents.md

**Read-only configuration**: You cannot modify the system prompt or tools of subscribed agents. However, you view their configuration to understand their capabilities. You also overwrite the subscribed agent with a custom agent. Custom agents with the same name as the subscribed one are preferred.

**Automatic updates**: When the providing application updates the agent definition, changes appear automatically in your AI Agent Manager as long as you haven't overwritten it.

### Viewing subscribed agents {#viewing-subscribed-agents}

To view subscribed agents:

1. Navigate to **Administration** > **AI Agent Manager**.
2. In the agents list, subscribed agents display with a badge indicating their source application.
3. Click on a subscribed agent to view its details, including the system prompt and available tools.

### Testing subscribed agents {#testing-subscribed-agents}

You test subscribed agents the same way as custom agents:

1. Open the subscribed agent in the AI Agent Manager.
2. Navigate to the **Test** tab.
3. Enter a prompt and observe the agent's response.

> 4. Enable debug mode (via the three dots menu) to see tool calls and reasoning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enable debug mode (via the context menu) to see tool calls and reasoning.
```

### Overruling subscribed agents {#aligning-subscribed-agents}

While you cannot change the core configuration of subscribed agents, you align them by overruling the agent. Click the three dots next to the subscribed agent and select **Clone agent**. The cloned agent then aligns to your needs, and all subscribed agents by any app only use this new custom agent.

### Subscribed agent versioning {#versioning-agents}

> While agents in general are not versioned, subscribed agents are versioned. They are provided by a custom or subscribed plugin that gets versioned, so the agents also exist in different versions. The AI Agent Manager shows the "latest" version of the plugin-agent. However, a custom application might use a different version of an agent. If the agent is overruled, always the custom user-defined agent is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While agents in general are not versioned, subscribed agents are versioned. They are provided by a custom or subscribed plugin that gets versioned, so the agents also exist in different versions. The AI Agent Manager shows the "latest" version of the plugin-agent. However, a custom application might use a different version. If the agent is overruled, always the custom user-defined agent is used. 
```
